how's it going guys today I'll be
showing you the white gold tools mod
what it does is it gives you white gold
or as you can see here you need iron
pickaxe all better so as you can see I'm
using a diamond pickaxe right now and
this is about how how are you are mine
it so enough of me mining it this is so
this spawns at the diamond level arion
the diamond level if any of you guys are
wondering and when we smelt it in the
furnace we get the this white gold and
then we can create whatever the hell we
want so now let's create a llamar so
let's do this this this there we go
actually let's see if it is in our
little too many items it's got to be
summer here too many items where is it
god damn it should be here shouldn't it
whatever and then shirt no Cesar this
helmet alright so there we go let's
let's put and put the clothes on let's
just pick up our crap and let's go in
shirt boots pants and there we go let's
look at our guy oh yeah so that's the
white gold and you can just create
whatever the hell you want like all your
pick axes and all the good stuff all the
hoes white pickaxe and I think the pic
accent all that is I think actually
let's just see it is its durability is
that 5,000 where diamond is 1561 so 1561
so let's go you let's go test it out
let's go oh wow it is basically one here
with our white gold to hit white gold
and with our diamond pickaxe is one two
three four is about for about four and
we see our white gold pickaxe it's
instantaneous
hey is everyone hit kill with the shapes
obey all their shape let's just kill
some more rhenium sheeps because we're
into animal cruelty like that oh damn
let's look two hits hopefully you guys
enjoyed that little mod and see I don't
forget to rate comment and subscribe bye